feat: Improve README.md structure (#323)
hashgraph/hedera-block-node: tools/docs/quickstart.md

# Quickstart of the Tools

## Table of Contents

1. [Running locally](#running-locally)
   1. [Build the Tools](#build-the-tools)
   1. [Run the Tools](#run-the-tools)

## Running locally:

- Tools subproject qualifier: `:tools`
- Assuming your working directory is the repo root

> > **NOTE:** using the `-p` flag for `./gradlew` so not to specify the target subproject
> > on each task when running multiple tasks, but using the qualifier `:tools:` when
> > we have only one task to run.

Reviewer: This is very unclear.  Perhaps the following is what was intended?
```suggestion
> **NOTE:** one may use the `-p` flag for `./gradlew` in order to avoid
> specifying the target subproject repeatedly on each task when running
> multiple tasks. When running only a single task, however, is is
> recommended to use the project qualifier (i.e. `:tools:`) for
> both simplicity and clarity.
```

Reviewer 2: Yep, that is exactly what was meant. Thanks for the suggestion, makes it indeed more clear.

Reviewer 2: ✅ Done. Changed in other places respectively.

1. [Running locally](#running-locally)
   1. [Build the Tools](#build-the-tools)
   1. [Run the Tools](#run-the-tools)

## Running locally:

- Tools subproject qualifier: `:tools`
- Assuming your working directory is the repo root

> **NOTE:** one may use the `-p` flag for `./gradlew` in order to avoid
> specifying the target subproject repeatedly on each task when running
> multiple tasks. When running only a single task, however, it is
> recommended to use the project qualifier (i.e. `:tools:`) for
> both simplicity and clarity.

### Build the Tools

> **NOTE:** if you have not done so already, it is
> generally recommended to build the entire repo first:
> ```bash
> ./gradlew clean build -x test
> ```

1. To quickly build the Tools sources (without running tests), do the following:
    ```bash
    ./gradlew -p tools clean build -x test
    ```

### Run the Tools

1. To run the Tools, do the following:
    ```bash
    # Here is an example of running the info command with the help option, simply
    # replace `info --help` with the desired command and options to run the tools
    # quickly using the `./gradlew run` task.
    ./gradlew -q :tools:run --args="info --help"

>     ```

Reviewer: This indent seems off and possibly unnecessary.
3-spaces is the markdown standard; using 4 space indent for markdown actually causes rendering issues with second-level or deeper, so it is not recommended.

Reviewer 2: ✅ Agreed, I have made the necessary changes to facilitate that.
